h1. jCheck Rails

jCheck Rails provide a ease way to generate "jCheck":http://jcheck.net code
to validate forms according to ActiveModel record validations.

h2. Installation

Just configure your Gemfile with

bc. gem 'jcheck_rails'

h2. Basic Usage

You can easily download latest version of jcheck using the provided rake task:

bc. rake jcheck:setup

This will download latest version of jcheck and will extract in correct directories for you. Them you just need to include files in your view layout.

With the library included, on your form views add the following:

bc. <%= jcheck_for resource %>

Replace @resource@ with the instance variable of the resource for form e.g. @@user@. This will
use reflection, to detect the model validations and will convert these to @jCheck@.

It's highly recommended that you read the @jCheck@ documentation at
"http://jcheck.net/documentation":http://jcheck.net/documentation for a full
overview on @jCheck@.

h2. TODO

* Option to filter fields that should have exposed validations
* Get messages from i18n and append automatically

h2. Change Log

h3. 0.2.0

* Added rake task for setup

h3. 0.1.1

* Initial Release

h2. Maintainers

* Wilker Lucio (http://github.com/wilkerlucio/jcheck)

h2. License

	Copyright 2010 Wilker Lucio.

	Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
	you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
	You may obtain a copy of the License at

	    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

	Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
	distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
	WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
	See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
	limitations under the License.
